OK so now everything is running at mine it's running on local host three thousand one you can be using
the three thousand but I'm using the 3000 for the final application.
So this is where it would be going to be building.
So we can have pretty much one component which is going to be the main entry of the app and whenever
we click and an artist is going to take us to an index or just an a detailed page of the artist so we
can have just two views right here.
We have a route.
So we need to use re-act Browder.
OK that's fine.
Let's start doing the first start doing the set up for this since we can have two components.
First we're going to create a new folder that is going to be it's going to host all the components components.
We're going to have a home component and then artist components.
So I'm going to go right ahead and just create a home components going to go home dungeons then begin
to have you file and then artist that jazz.
Now I'm going to go to the index and we need to do a lot of set up right here.
So we need to import some things are going to import re-act then from react.
That's the first thing we need to import re-act arms.
Going to say import re re-act DONG DONG from and then just act dumb.
It.
Now we're going to be using routes.
So we need to import browser router and route.
So I'm going to say you begin to use and make use of this structuring and we can bring browser and then
router.
And then we need to import route.
But this one is going to be imported from Briac road or Dohm react router dom dom and you know I'm just
typing all this information because I want to show you how to do it.
And so you can type it at home but at the end in real life you can have just a snippet to do this.
Now if you're just going to collect something and it's going to create a component drive for you where
you're going to have templates.
So OK.
So right from the start we need to set the routes with two main components the home and the artists.
So I'm going to go and just create the components right here.
I say components and I'm going to I'm going to import home from.
And then we say Dad for Slash components for Slash home.
Right.
I'm going to say then import and then artist from dad for Slash components and same thing artists.
So this application is going to have a main entry point.
I can do this directly and we're going to do it on the next sections and the next lessons.
But for now I'm just going to create statelets for component.
It's going to be Konst app and this one is going to be equal to pretty much nothing.
And then we just run a function.
This app is going to return something.
And what is going to return is going to return the browser router.
It can contain all the routes right here.
So I'm going to say browser router and we're going to create a container.
Remember that Brossel router needs to have only one element inside.
So I'm going to go right here and create the routes.
So I'm going to say the first route of not router route and then we'll just self-closing the first route.
It's going to have a path and the path one for this one is going to be home.
So it's just for Slash.
Whenever we load home we get to use our components and the components.
It's going to be home.
Right.
So since we don't want to mess with this route we want to put it to us to set it except.
So the next round is going to be the artist.
So I'm going to say again path and this one is kind of a little bit special.
We need to go to artist artist and then whenever we go to artist and I'm going right here to the to
the finished her application if I click and Jimi Hendrix is going to take us to a new view with artists
for Slash and the ID of the musician.
So we need to use programs right here.
So I'm going to do.
CONAN And the name for this one is going to be artist ID.
You can put whatever you want.
Doesn't matter.
So whenever we go to this kind of route you want to load a component and the component is going to be
an artist write art it's component right here right here.
So now we need to create the surrender for this.
It's going to fail because this Pats This components are empty so we're going to need to do is to do
something right here.
So OK I'm going to go and say re-act Dom datt render and the render method takes two arguments the watts
and the where.
So the watch is going to be the app we create around here.
That's the main entry point.
So I'm going to say app and then silf close and see where it's going to be rude.
The root of the H HVM l documents.
So I'm going to say document and then get elements my ID and just open and close and begin to say root.
All right.
If I go to the original application we're going to get a lot of error messages.
Everything should be tried whenever you type everything by hand.
You can make a lot of typos.
So it's good to have templates.
So OK.
We begin to go to home and we can create just a simple component just to make sure that everything should
be working fine.
MS they react and I go into the structure components.
I get to go right here at the bottom create a class of home and this home is going to extends and components
right.
This one is just going to return some text I'm going to return some dummy text.
So it's going to be render.
And then just open and close and we can return some def just a dummy div that's going to say home.
OK.
Now we need to export this so it can be available outside this jast.
So it's going to be support default and then home.
That's good.
So we get home.
If you go to an internal page we are going to get an error message but right now we're not going to
go there.
So everything it's working fine you know is going to index is showing the text.
Let's go to the next lecture and we're going to start with the main banner of the application to build
this and then fetching the artist's.